Update README for 1.49.0 (#5)
x448/safer-golangci-lint: README.md

# Safer GitHub Actions Workflow for golangci-lint

> This workflow downloads, verifies, and runs [golangci/golangci-lint](https://github.com/golangci/golangci-lint) in a deterministic, reviewable, and safe manner.

Reviewer: Maybe change "reviewable" to "easy to audit".

```suggestion
This workflow downloads, verifies, and runs [golangci/golangci-lint](https://github.com/golangci/golangci-lint) in a deterministic, easy to audit, and safe manner.
```
